 <p>The OSLO model for building line plans provides a standardised framework for the management and exchange of building line data in Flanders. The focus of this model is on the effective representation and use of building lines in various planning and legal-administrative contexts. The profile supports the search and recording of building lines that are necessary for infrastructure projects, for example, and is in line with the <a href="https://codex.vlaanderen.be/PrintDocument.ashx?id=1032035&datum=&geannoteerd=true&print=false" target="_blank">Decree on municipal roads</a> and the <a href="https://codex.vlaanderen.be/Portals/Codex/documenten/1018076.html" target="_blank">Decree on the establishment and realisation of the [regional] building lines</a>.    </p>
    <p>The model classifies different types of building lines, as well as building lines and rear construction strips. The model also facilitates the integration of legal references, such as decrees and municipal council decisions, creating a legally robust standard.    </p>
    <p>The building line plan is the central point for establishing building lines and can have various legal sources, such as a Spatial Implementation Plan (RUP), an environmental permit, or a decision. Various building line plan elements are included within the building line plan, including building lines, building lines, reversal strips, and building line inventories. These elements help to structure and visualise the spatial plans.    </p>
    <p>The model facilitates the calculation of affected areas by changes to building lines and building lines. Polygons can be used to accurately determine the impacted areas, which is particularly valuable for analyzing impacts on landed properties. This makes it possible to visualize the change in value as a result of adjusting building lines.    </p>
    <p>In addition, the model offers the possibility to keep a detailed record of the history of a building line plan, including important steps such as adoption, decision-making, publication, entry into force, realisation and dissolution. This ensures that there is a complete documentation of the evolutionary and legal status of the building line plan.    </p>
