A lot of energy is consumed at a market, stands in the public domain and during events: lighting, heating elements, food preparation, music, etc. This energy has long been provided by the municipality where the market is organized and not charged to the market vendor or by means of a lump sum. However, the rising demand for electricity on the market in combination with high energy prices is putting this model at risk. The market vendor has no insight into his/her consumption and in that sense is not encouraged to make electricity-saving choices; After all, the additional cost of overconsumption ends up with the municipality, and therefore ultimately with the citizen.  

The cities and municipalities want to take a pioneering role in sustainability and conscious consumption on the one hand, and on the other hand adhere to the credo that the consumer should pay. From this point of view, the city of Antwerp, in collaboration with the city of Hasselt, is starting a study into the possibility of implementing a smart electricity solution, in which the market vendor exhibitor can "open" a socket, after which he or she can consume electricity from it. After use, the socket is closed digitally, after which the exact consumption can be automatically invoiced to the market vendor at the correct rate. By installing smart electricity meters on our public domain, we make electricity available to those who need it and pay for it. Within this project, called SHOK (Smart Commerce and events with Public Cabinets), we want to develop and test a Proof of Concept in the context of a public market, stands, itinerant trade or events. Based on this, a business model is developed for other users of electricity in the public domain: events, fairs, neighbourhood parties, contractors of construction sites, etc.  Furthermore, it is being examined whether this business model can also be applied to other types of services.  

A market vendor, event organiser or itinerant trader does business in several municipalities and cities in Flanders. With the SHOK project, we are looking for a solution that can also be set up by other municipalities and cities. We are therefore looking for a uniform vocabulary for the processes and architecture so that they can also transcend the territory of the cities of Antwerp and Hasselt.