<p>The OSLO model for Traffic Reports (formerly known as OSLO Smart Innovation Factory) provides a standardized framework for collecting, managing and exchanging data related to traffic reports from citizens and traffic measurements such as speeding and cut-through traffic in Flanders. After four intensive working groups with involved stakeholders, a final model has been created that fully meets the wishes and needs with regard to reporting and analysing traffic information.    </p>
    <p>This model is specifically designed to support local authorities in improving their public services and traffic management. It facilitates the collection of reports from citizens, such as dangerous traffic behaviour and problematic cut-through traffic, and integrates them with objective traffic measurements. This allows local authorities to coordinate their processes efficiently and take targeted measures.    </p>
    <p>The model provides sufficient flexibility to accommodate various types of traffic situations and variables, combining essential attributes such as location, time and nature of the report with optional elements for further analysis and decision-making. In this way, local authorities can effectively respond to current traffic problems and contribute to safer and better regulated traffic.    </p>This model is derived from <a href="https://data.vlaanderen.be/doc/applicatieprofiel/verkeersmetingen/">OSLO traffic measurements</a>, <a href="https://data.vlaanderen.be/doc/applicatieprofiel/observaties-en-metingen/">OSLO observations and measurements</a>, and <a href="https://data.vlaanderen.be/doc/applicatieprofiel/dossier/">OSLO dossier</a>.</p>
    <p>A follow-up project may be to enrich this dataset with contextual data, such as camera images, air pollution measurements and accident data.    </p>
